INT - update usage variable descriptions (#434)
Axway/amplify-central: content/en/docs/connect_manage_environ/connected_agent_common_reference/trace_sampling.md

If the agent receives 100 transactions, evenly between 2 APIs, only the first 10 will be sent to Amplify Analytics.

#### 10% of all events and all errors, regardless of API

The following is a sample value that is added to `ta_env_vars.env`, which will send 10% of the gateway transactions to Amplify Analytics. Including all errors.

```shell
TRACEABILITY_SAMPLING_PERCENTAGE=10
TRACEABILITY_SAMPLING_PER_API=false
TRACEABILITY_SAMPLING_REPORTALLERRORS=true
```

> If the agent receives 100 transactions, evenly between 2 APIs, the first 10 will be sent to Amplify Analytics. If of the 90 that are not sent sampled any error codes exist then they too will be sent to Amplify Analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the agent receives 100 transactions, evenly between 2 APIs, the first 10 (five from each API) will be sent to Amplify Analytics. If error codes exist in the remaining non-sampled percentage, then those transactions will also be sent.
```
